like this the administration cannot
divide students and faculty side-by-side
I'm here at this walkout flash and foe
picket because over the years I'm a
senior here at PSU I've seen way too
many of my favorite professors have to
leave PSU and have to stop teaching
because they literally can no longer
afford to do so a lot of the best
experiences I've had with professors and
teaching staff on campus has been with
adjunct faculty and to see that they are
not supported in the ways that they
should be is really disheartening to me
and disheartening to the whole
educational process for me that the
people that matter most to me would not
matter most to whoever's creating the
budget education of the 21st century I
want to have an education where it's in
the hands of the people who pay for it
versus an administration that's getting
more and more while we're getting less
and less and we're paying more in
mourning and I want to be taught by
people whose contract within two years
yeah I'm on a fixed term contract what
that means is every year in December I
get a letter for PSU that says they're
not gonna hire me back and every August
part of the issues that the
administration won't open the books so
it's hard to know specifically where the
money is going they are saying that we
have a 15 million dollar budget deficit
but we are still seeing investments in
the
and we're still seeing continuous rises
in salary for the administration in the
past ten years I think the number of
administrators at PSU has gone up
sixty-five percent while the average pay
for administrators has gone up something
like 32 or 37 percent yet the average
pay for a faculty member has shrunk I
think the most emblematic example is
this thing called article 44 the faculty
proposed it was new contract language
basically when the article was titled
academic quality so I mean you can
imagine what's in there
it was caps on class sizes
it was caps on faculty workloads it was
taking measures to bring faculty pay up
at least to the mean rate for university
professors nationally currently our
faculty are paid in the bottom 10% and
the administration's bargaining team
called this article ludicrous I watched
them face to face as they basically
looked at students looked at faculty and
called academic quality at PSU a
ludicrous concept and refused to discuss
it and since then we've been organizing
harder than ever and as you can see it's
really starting to work my PSU serve the
students